More `INSTALL*.md` fixes (#1675)
cloudfoundry/korifi: INSTALL.md

        # ...
    ```

> ### Image Registry Configuration

Reviewer: I agree with removing this in the streamlined initial install instructions. It is pretty verbose.

That said, I think there is a lot of nuance here that we should keep around in some form -- maybe in a separate `registry-configuration.md` doc. 🤔 

Like `DockerHub` has some pretty significant deviations from other OCI registries, but the others have minor differences as well between each other (ECR requires different auth for example)  and it would be good to have a place to document all of that.

Reviewer: We already have `using-container-registry-signed-by-custom-ca.md` and that could probably consolidated into a more general registry config doc as well.

Author: If we feel like we need to document the different nuances, it makes sense to have a separate document. Alternatively we could have a section at the bottom? Something like _Notes on container registries_?

  - apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
    kind: User
    name: $ADMIN_USERNAME
EOF
```

## Dependencies

### Cert-Manager

> [Cert-Manager](https://cert-manager.io) allows us to create internal automatically certificates within the cluster. Follow the [instructions](https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/) to install the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cert-Manager](https://cert-manager.io) allows us to automatically create internal certificates within the cluster. Follow the [instructions](https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/) to install the latest version.
```

### Kpack

> [Kpack](https://github.com/pivotal/kpack) powers our source-to-image build process. Follow the [instructions](https://github.com/pivotal/kpack/blob/main/docs/install.md) to install the latest version.

Reviewer: I know you just moved this line up, but after re-reading it I think it might be confusing to new users. Maybe something like this would be more clear:

```suggestion
[Kpack](https://github.com/pivotal/kpack) is used to build runnable applications from source code using [Cloud Native Buildpacks](https://buildpacks.io/). Follow the [instructions](https://github.com/pivotal/kpack/blob/main/docs/install.md) to install the latest version.
```
